ref(server): Upstream request retries & re-authentication (#788)
getsentry/sentry-relay: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix issue where `$span` would not be recognized in Advanced Data Scrubbing. ([#781](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/781))
- Accept big-endian minidumps. ([#789](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/789))

> - Re-implement Upstream request retries & re-authentication. ([#788](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/788))

Reviewer: I would propose to bring back the old "Features" entry that was removed in https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/772:

```suggestion
- Detect network outages and retry sending events instead of dropping them. ([#788](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/788))
```
